These are the final versions of the two screens that we're building.
This iOS, and this is android and currently, they look like this.
What we're doing in this video,
is you'll notice that we have this section right here, this date.
And this we're going to use a few different times throughout our apps,
we're actually just going to make a component out of it.
So what we'll do is inside of our components folder,
let's make a brand new file and we will call it date.js.
We need a few different things,
specifically react as well as the text component from react-native.
This is going to be a stateless functional component.
And what it's going to receive is not text,
it's going to receive a date.
And then what we're going to do is we will wrap this date inside of a text component.
And this seems like pretty minimal right now and that's because it is.
But eventually what we'll do is we will add styling to this,
which we will get into in the next lesson.
But before that, let's go ahead and inside of AddEntry,
let's import our dateheader that we just barely made.
And then now what we want to do is we want to render it right
before we start mapping over all of our information.
So what we'll say is dateheader,
and if you remember what we need to pass it is a date.
And what we can do here is we can create a new instance of
date and then we can call tolocaleDatestring,
which will make that into a formatted string.
So now, when these refresh you'll notice that we have dates on both of these.